[General Reorganization] New Folder: Developer Tools (#1881)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/developer-tools/terms/developer-tools.md

---
Title: 'Developer Tools'
Description: 'The technologies used in the development of software.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Infrastructure'
CatalogContent:
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/code-foundations'
---

> **Developer tools** are the technologies used in the development of software. Although, the suite of applications used by a team or individual developer can vary significantly there are a number of classes of tools that are broadly adopted in the service of creating software applications. Below are common tools leveraged by software developers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Developer tools** are the technologies used in the development of software. Although, the suite of applications used by a team or individual developer can vary significantly there are several classes of tools that are broadly adopted in the service of creating software applications. Below are some common tools leveraged by software developers:
```

> **Developer tools** are the technologies used in the development of software. Although, the suite of applications used by a team or individual developer can vary significantly there are several classes of tools that are broadly adopted in the service of creating software applications. Below are some common tools leveraged by software developers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Developer tools** are the technologies used in the development of software. Although the suite of applications used by a team or individual developer can vary significantly, there are several classes of tools that are broadly adopted in the service of creating software applications. Below are some common tools leveraged by software developers:
```
